Add more details to OIDC guides (#45929)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-openid-connect-dev-services.adoc

This helps endpoints identify the user logged into SPA or perform out-of-band token verification.
Choose the *With ID Token* option in such cases.

[NOTE]
====

> Inspect both tokens in the dev UI and you will find that only the access token contains the list of roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you import custom Keycloak realms, you may find, after inspecting both the access and ID tokens in Dev UI, that only the access token contains the list of roles.
```

The realm which is created by default has the microprofile-jwt scope added

This information is important for accessing endpoints that are secured with the `@RolesAllowed` annotation.
To tell Keycloak to include this information in the ID token as well, add the

> `microprofile-jwt` scope to the list of scopes using the `quarkus.oidc.authentication.scopes` property. For more information, see the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`microprofile-jwt` scope to the list of client scopes in the Keycloak admin console. For more information, see the
```

I believe configuring it directly in Keycloak is sufficient

> https://www.keycloak.org/docs/latest/server_admin/#protocol[Keycloak server administration guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For more information, see the https://www.keycloak.org/docs/latest/server_admin/#protocol[Keycloak server administration guide].
```

This helps endpoints identify the user logged into SPA or perform out-of-band token verification.
Choose the *With ID Token* option in such cases.

[NOTE]
====
When you import custom Keycloak realms, you may find, after inspecting both the access and ID tokens in Dev UI, that only the access token contains the list of roles in its `groups` claim.
This information is important for accessing endpoints that are secured with the `@RolesAllowed` annotation.

> To tell Keycloak to include this information in the ID token as well, add the
> `microprofile-jwt` scope to the list of client scopes in the Keycloak admin console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To tell Keycloak to include this information in the ID token, add the `microprofile-jwt` scope to the list of client scopes in the Keycloak admin console.
```
Please avoid mid-sentence line breaks.
Removed "as well" because it is unclear what it refers to.
